Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
AD 2042. THE GREAT 4 INITIATED
"WAR AS AN INDUSTRY."
THE WORLD DUBBED IT "SUSTAINABLE WAR."
AD 2044
THE GLOBAL SIMULTANEOUS DEFAULT
THIS TRIGGERED A RAPID ESCALATION
AND CAUSED TURMOIL.
EVEN ADVANCED NATIONS
SUFFERED FROM CIVIL WARS.
AD 2045
Ah. it's wonderful not to have any noise.
Too bad it can't stay this way forever.
ONE TACTICAL FORCE KNOWN AS "GHOST"
THRIVED IN THIS WAR-TORN WORLD.
Hmm.
Ishikawa. Is your squad leader that little
honey in the turtle neck over there?
The names Standard. but they call me Stan.
Nice to meet you. boss lady!
So. Major. what's the plan?
We're gonna have our mission briefing
around the barbeque.
Looks like we're gonna
have to take a rain check
on that cookout in Palm Springs.
All personnel stand by for brain dive.
Caught red-handed.
You had a beer without us. Major.
Won't we get hacked if we're wireless?
Just talk normally they're so far away.
We might get hacked if you were in charge.
Luckily. I know what I'm doing.
Our mission today.
your run-of-the-mill clean up operation
at the Sustainer hideout.
They're apparently planning
a large-scale raid on Gated Town.
So. you're saying the kid gloves
are off for this one then.
Not quite. our orders are to capture
as many of them alive as possible.
-Seriously?
-Yeah. buzz kill.
Hey. you can take it up with management.
My assumption is the police
when we bring them in for questioning
Take that!
How much you wanna bet these guys
are here to get in on the raid?
Sustainable war victims who decided to
turn around and victimize everyone else.
That's what I'm talking about!
The way I see it. the more party people
out here sustain-eering. the merrier.
What an eyesore.
CHINESE FAST FOOD
This is Togusa.
I'm at the specified location.
Nice timing.
Okay. the target's currently in the middle
of a virtual currency server attack.
Are you sure you're okay by yourself?
Wouldn't be safer to send in
police reinforcement to nab them?
Relax. this isn't my first rodeo.
Oh. right. I forget you used
to be a detective back at the day.
Even Japan's dangerous now.
Luckily. I got you to watch my back. girl.
We all got a pack heat now.
even us when in the cops.
Right. Major?
You're going to arrest me!
Don't move!
Aw! Seriously!
Stay away from me!
All right.
Let's go back up everybody.
The Chief?
Hello?
Yeah. it's been a while. Togusa.
How are you?
Good. Sorry I fell out of touch.
How've you been. Chief? Doing well?
Yes. fortunately. I've been able
to keep working at the Interior Ministry
even after Section 9 was disbanded.
I heard. year before last.
you became Public Security Bureau adviser.
Mm-hm.
Togusa.
I have a special favor to ask of you.
Yeah. tell me something eh.
do you still hold a grudge
against the Major and the others
for leaving you behind?
It's water under the bridge.
But honestly.
not a day went by when I didn't at least
wonder what my life could have been.
You know.
I see.
A few days ago.
I got a request from the prime minister
regarding of somewhat complicated matter.
Do you think you'd be able
to come to my office tomorrow?
I mean. this is all a bit sudden. sir.
Uh…
But that's no problem.
I'll swing by tomorrow afternoon.
Excellent. I'll see you then.
Got it. sir.
I don't think… I've taken
a personal day all year. So. why not?
Don't delude yourselves.
So-called sustainable war
is just a big game of political chicken.
Except pretty much everyone loses.
Namely. the politicians are not
savvy enough to negotiate.
And amateurs like you.
completely out of your element.
Go home
and don't let us catch you here again!
And if you
don't have a home to go back to.
be thankful you still have your lives.
I have a sneaking suspicion
this might end up being my last job.
Enter.
Yes. sir. Coming in.
My… you've got more intense.
Is that something
I should be happy to hear?
It would depend on your frame of mind
how you choose to take it.
In that case.
I'll take it as a compliment.
Huh. he's gonna bring back Section 9?
What do you think is his goal?
Hard to be sure. But I imagine.
people who have just taken office
want to arm themselves
to better flex their muscles.
Should the need arise.
So. uh… I'm assuming
he learned of Section 9 existence
from documents still within
the Interior Ministry?
My take away
from using his proposal
is that if we would to rebuild Section 9.
he's not the only one who benefits.
He must be responding to pressure
from the American government
that special resources be allotted.
So. then…
it's was the Liberals feared all along.
That an American-born prime minister would
be their puppet. Is that right?
I've yet to meet him. So. I
can't speak on where his allegiances lie.
In regards to Section 9.
since it's being revived.
I'd like to send them
on a bit of an undertaking.
What sort of undertaking?
Over these past few years.
I've asked myself
how best to manage the uncertainty
that now plagues our society.
You and the rest of the team
will lay the framework.
That will allow the next generation.
To find the answer to that question.
If I'm honest chief.
I don't have a lot to contribute.
But whatever skills and resources I have
are at your disposal.
I'm glad to hear it.
In that case.
Go get to the Major and the rest
of the six original members of Section 9.
Yes. sir.
Togusa? I thought
you were taking some time off.
Just here to tie up some loose ends.
Okay.
What would you like
to search for today?
A mercenary group called GHOST.
Operating at of South America.
Very well.
now entering. dark web.
REVENGE/GHOST
That explosion pissed off
the Raiders in Mexico.
They've had to move
their operation in North America.
We may never get
a better chance than this.
I'm not so sure.
What's so funny?
I thought you all wanted to get revenge.
Of course. we do.
GHOST is still as settled as ever. I see.
-…with a PMC.
-What?
I take that means
you're gonna pass on this.
Yep.
that's pretty much the gist.
Fine then.
I'm out of here.
Hey. got a minute.
Hmm?
Oh. you're back.
You forget your wallet?
No. Just a question.
Why would a private contract
make you back off?
What are you scared of?
The contractor
they're working for is Obsidian. genius.
Obsidian?
Hmm.
Remind me again
what outfit you said you were with?
Everybody knows Obsidian! They've got
a reputation for tight security.
If you so much
just lay a hand on one of theirs.
They're gonna make you pay for it.
Oh. that Obsidian.
I think
it's for you to go. Togusa.
Aah!
Huh?
Whoa! What the hell?
Tch… what?
What happened?
Huh? Togusa?
That's the place?
Yeah. Okay. I'm in.
There's one armored car
mounting a 105mm tank gun.
And I clock. 17 members.
On the upside. our inside mention tells
it's accurate so far.
What do we do?
I'm curious where guys like that
got their hands on those weapons.
Obsidian. this is GHOST.
This is Obsidian.
We're commencing
the operation shortly.
Copy that.
-Tachikoma!
-Roger!
Come on. It wasn't my fault. bro.
-No. no. no. No way.
-Totally on you. just own it.
What… the hell?
Thanks for the intel.
No way these guys are students.
They're too damn old to be in school.
They're washed up
former college football players
whose student loans bankrupted them.
Their debt was wiped clean
by the Global Default. yet here they are.
Guess they found a new outlet
for that excess testosterone.
They still have some kind of axe to grind.
Angry at those living past the gate
for all the lives that weren't reset.
Well. frankly. I can't say
I don't know how they feel.
So. how do these clowns
get all these toys?
That's what's strange.
They apparently have
an altruistic patron with deep pockets.
Called the Good One-Percenter.
He gives them whatever weapons they need.
-Huh?
The guy just mails them or what?
This Good One-Percenter
gave them an armored vehicle?
What psycho does that?
I never found out how they communicated.
let alone his real identity.
Kinda wish I've taken a peek
on their leader's cyberbrain.
I think it's uh… time for me to go.
A think-tank is standing by
for you up top.
-Thanks. appreciate it.
-Yo.
Wait.
Hey. that's one of those
damn guard dog robots!
Why didn't you tell us about it?
-I…
-You have one job. dude!
And it's looking right through
our optical camouflage.
I hate to say it but it looks
like our stealth entry was a bust.
Wait.
What's that?
Batou. get moving!
Omoshiro. we're on the guys downstairs.
Got it. And stop calling me that. man!
Look alive. someone's inside.
Aw. shit!
Man. amateurs are scary!
They have the skill of pros
but double the crazy.
Quit screwing around
and take them out.
Easier said than done. man.
This isn't a commercial model.
Is it military grade?
Probably.
Major. I'm clocking three in there.
-Tachikoma!
-Roger!
Attention!
We have your vehicle surrounded.
Surrender peacefully or else!
You hear that. we're totally surrounded.
Nothing but a little interception.
What's up?
Ain't got their learner's permits.
We're almost synced.
Run down the clock!
It's here!
Huh?
Major. we've got a problem.
They've got a stealth drone too?
Major. it's got a lock on us!
I don't know how
but they've tapped into my satellite feed.
Huh?
Guys. I can't get through
to Saito anymore.
That isn't good.
-Tachikoma!
-Roger!
Come on! It's even got Hellfires?
Their sugar-daddy
gave them some working firepower.
What the hell is
that One-Percenter thinking?
Hey. at least this means
the armored car
is pinned down from that right?
It sure doesn't look like it.
Batou. go get the Stinger!
I'm on it!
Geez. that thing's AI
is like scary good!
Whoops!
How do you like that?
Have some more!
Come and get me.
Damn it. it's moving so fast!
Major. I'm out of bullets!
Major. the drone's turned around.
Good. looks like optical
camouflage works on this one.
Mr. Saito! Are you okay?
Huh? I hear you. but where are you?
There are four more
missiles on that thing.
Major.
We caught up to you.
Good. Hit it!
Aw. crap! The drone's being targeted.
Okay. then!
Hmm?
Shit.
Huh?
Batou. the drone can't see
through optical camo.
Roget that!
Think those idiots
inside are dead?
If they aren't. I'll strangle
them myself to make sure this time.
Major. that thing's not
stopping even with these guys taken out.
If its rocket manages
to fire around beyond the gate.
it's all over.
We're all out of options. huh?
Hey. Major. you miss me?
Saito!
Good thing these badasses
double as our body armor. huh?
Saito. still have use of your Stingers?
Yeah. I think so.
Let's go!
What do you say we nab the jokers in here
and make our own fun?
-Sure.
-Now you're talking!
Can you catch up to it?
Yeah. I'm within firing range.
Good. do it!
And it's even got flares.
Saito. force it lower.
Understood.
I'll see what I can do.
This damn AI's on my last nerve!
Tachikoma.
Stand guard over this thing.
Roger.
They probably pay you next to nothing.
Am I right? Why risk your lives for them?
Because it ain't always about the money.
If I'm being honest.
we do it 'cause we're good at it.
And it also happens
to be what we love to do.
See! Then you're all no different from us!
What?
Maybe we're not.
You. quarterback. Are you their leader?
Yeah. but for the record.
I'm a running back.
Tell me how you got your hand
on that drones and those Hellfires.
Don't want to talk?
Major. we've got a problem!
We really screwed up big time.
What!
Guys. we just won!
What the hell?
Well. you made quite the mess of things.
Put down your weapons
and come along quietly.
Sorry. but there seems
to be some kind of mistake.
These goons fired that missile. not us.
You'll have the opportunity
to explain yourselves later.
Oh. boy. A Delta Force cyborg squad?
Looks like it.
based on the gear their using
and the coating on their barriers.
And if we say no?
It doesn't matter
if you're willing or not.
Looks like we have no choice
but to play along for now.
Damn it. I don't like this.
Their timing
was a little too perfect.
It's possible they were planning
on detaining us from the start.
You mean this op was a trap?
And this might be the guy
who set it.
But why?
The only way
to find out is to ask him.
You got us. We're not gonna argue.
A wise decision.
Tachikoma. use your thermoptic
camouflage to lie low on the buffer zone.
If they spot you. you'll be dismantled.
Yikes. copy that.
The Major and the others
have spent the past few years
moving from battle to battle.
Under the team named GHOST.
in South America.
Right now. they're working
for an American private military company
called Obsidian.
But that's all I've been able to dig up.
Of course.
Obsidian's headquarters
are in Los Angeles.
I tried to contact them
but they haven't responded.
So. I was thinking I'd fly out there
to see what I can find.
Good idea.
Hey. Chief.
Hmm?
Ah. since this is a work trip.
Can I get reimbursed?
Hold on to your receipts
and we'll see how well you do.
Thanks. I appreciate that.
Apologies.
That first impression wasn't the greatest.
Why don't we start over?
Uh-huh!
Appreciate the apology.
But what I'd really like to hear
is an explanation for all this.
That was our only option out in the open.
We were being watched closely.
Okay. Let's kick things off
with a proper introduction.
You can call me John Smith.
You're here. because I would like
to enlist services for a job.
-Huh?
-Hmm.
I'm sorry. what?
What the hell for?
You have a subcontractor. why bother us?
From what I observed your team
accomplished during that last operation.
It seems to me you're the most qualified
for what we need done.
Your negotiation skills need some work.
Well I think it's no secret that I work
for the American government.
So. you see.
This isn't a negotiation.
You have no choice.
Your expertise is required to carry out
a rescue mission of a certain individual.
It's Togusa.
I tried sending another email to Obsidian
but they're still not answering me.
I did a little
digging of my own.
The company appears to be rather highly
regarded in mercenary circles.
Yeah. I know.
I made it to LA.
I'm gonna pay them a visit.
Keep me posted.
I wanted to talk to your boss
about a team called GHOST.
You don't try to bullshit me.
you might just walk out of here alive.
Now. tell me who you're working for?
Hang on. this is just a misunderstanding.
I'm a former member of GHOST.
I just came from Japan.
-Ooh! I found him.
-Huh?
Hey! Are you okay?
Maybe. no. I don't think so.
You want proof?
Their female team leader is called
the Major and she's full-prosthetic.
Oh. and… when her teammates know she's
not listening to what they're saying.
They call her. Queen Kong.
Is that enough for you?
Hell boy.
I'm surprised you're still breathing
if you call her that.
I'm not dumb enough to say it to her face.
You seem like you're on edge.
Want to tell me what's going on?
Hate to tell you…
But they've disappeared.
They're gone?
No one knows where they are?
No. they said they all vanished
during their last op.
The president of Obsidian sent some people
to investigate the scene but…
They came up empty.
Sounds like someone cleaned up
after the dust settled.
If that's the case.
this doesn't look good.
If it's an abduction. I'll see if I can
figure out who took them.
Don't dig too deep.
It's safe to assume that this is the work
of a powerful organization.
I'll do my best. sir.
There it is.
A missile attack?
Seems like overkill.
No way this fits the MO
of those guys in the chatroom.
-Hey! Togusa.
-Hmm?
Okay. I must really be losing it.
I'm starting to hear their voices now.
Togusa! It is you.
I knew I'd recognize you.
Tachikoma? What are you doing here?
I was just going to ask you
the same question.
Hmm?
Huh?
Look at that. Snipers in plain sight.
Again?
Just go to show. they really want
to keep this op under wraps.
Damn it.
Um. these things always shock me.
The gear's so cheap.
Can I trouble you
for a few minutes of your time. Ms. Byron?
Hello Daisuke. it's been a while.
I'm sorry but I don't have a lot of time.
So. I'll get straight to the point.
Your agency oversees several operations.
Do you know if any of them
involved a mercenary team
that goes by the name of GHOST?
There's one.
I can't tell you any specifics
but GHOST is working on a mission for us.
I need that group's personnel
as soon as I can possibly get them.
Could you take them off that assignment
and relinquish them to my jurisdiction?
That isn't going to be possible.
Not even on orders from you.
Then perhaps
when they finish the operation?
I doubt it.
When the mission's over.
I believe the entire thing is going
to be scrubbed out of existence.
the team included.
It's too important.
The country I've dedicated my life to
need this operation to be a success.
I don't know if there's anyone
who can save them now.
But if there were someone.
it would have to be the president himself.
Your drop point
is right over here.
This is where you're going to find
the target for this rescue mission.
Get in and get out as quickly as you can.
Understood.
It feels good to be free!
Oh. there is one last thing
I forgot to mention.
In the unlikely event
you decide to abandon the mission.
the penalties you'll face
will be quite severe.
We might completely disappear on you.
And you can't punish us
if you can't find us.
Oh. you're more than welcome to try.
Don't expect it to work.
Oh.
It's in your hands now.
Major Motoko Kusanagi.
Ishikawa. check our position.
Batou. how many of them are there?
At least a full platoon.
maybe more.
Major.
I've got an update on our location.
It looks like they propped us off not far
from where we were
when they first picked us up.
What do you mean?
We're in the middle
of that gated town in LA.
What! Oh. wait a minute.
That means the guy we're trying to rescue
must be on the house arrest
on the goddamn Beverly Hills mansion!
I've identified the owner of
the place they got hit with that missile.
Patrick Huge.
Famous for his work
in the robotics industry.
A lot of people point to him
as the poster boy for sustainable war.
You mean the CEO
of Huge Robotics?
That's the guy.
I don't like the sound of that.
Hang on. Doesn't that mean
he might be the Good One-Percenter
who gave all those weapons to the Raiders?
Yeah.
that's what I was getting at.
What's the mean for us?
This isn't really a rescue mission.
It's a snatch-and-grab!
Looks that way.
What the hell?
That means this guy is the one
calling the shots for the Raiders.
Why don't they just arrest him?
We're here for a reason.
And it's not just to capture
an ostensibly law-abiding billionaire.
We just don't know what it is yet.
Saito. what's the rear look like?
Deltas are fanned out.
Seems like they're keeping an eye on us.
Why aren't they helping us with this?
Isn't it obvious? We all just got
volunteered to do their dirty work.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. that's bad news.
-We gotta get out of here.
-Saito. maintain overwatch from here.
Let's go.
-Batou.
-Yeah.
Send out position
to the Tachikoma's
-without letting the Deltas catch on.
-Will do.
He's got some nasty toys.
More of those guard dog robots.
Whoa.
you're seeing what I'm seeing?
I see she's been dead
for at least two months.
And get this. the deceased
is Patrick Huge's wife.
This is making
less sense by the minute.
How the hell can the CEO
be lounging around the house
while his wife's dead
as a doornail by the pool?
How can we be sure
the guy is even still inside?
He's in there.
The NSA wouldn't send us
to abduct Patrick Huge
if they weren't a hundred percent sure
of his current whereabouts.
Man. this is seriously messed up.
I may be a mercenary. but I'm first
and foremost a law-abiding American--
So. what's the plan?
Do we bolt?
No.
We'll take him into custody
one way or another.
If only to break through the Delta's net.
I figured you were gonna say that.
Hold this position till dawn.
Then we'll make our stealth entry.
Whatever you do.
don't kill him in the crossfire.
What the?
Phew!
Batou and I will take downstairs.
Ishikawa and Omoshiro.
take the second floor.
Major.
I found something strange.
He's selling off
all his company's assets?
Yeah.
the reason he's still held up in here
is 'cause he hasn't been able
to finalize a deal.
Blood Robotics' total asset
has to be worth 20 billion easy.
Hard to move that much cash
and fly under the radar.
No doubt.
It looks like his plan
was to use a program he wrote
to transfer the assets all at once.
After his apparent death
in the missile attack.
Anything?
No sign of him.
Omoshiro. what's the problem?
Can't… fight it.
Idiot. you let your guard down!
Geez. he got hacked already?
Everyone. switch to autistic mode.
-Understood.
-Got it!
Patrick Huge. I presumed.
Stay right where you are.
Hey. what is with these things?
Enough playing around.
-Aim for its legs.
-Got it.
My fire control system is down.
He's dodging.
before we even pull the trigger.
What the hell is he. a cyborg?
No! He should only have a cyberbrain.
I'm telling you moves like those aren't
possible with just a cyberbrain.
What's going on?
Shit. Major.
the guard dogs have been activated.
Major!
Here they come.
Hey! Hold it!
What is this guy. some kind of freak?
Help! Get this cyberlock off me. man!
A closet?
Hopefully this guy
is putting us some damn pants.
Batou. get clear!
It's a damn arm suit just hanging
around on their closet.
Rich guys got an outfit
for every occasion.
That son of a bitch Smith knew all along
what he was getting us into.
What the hell?
Great. Huge made those too?
Good!
Nice. Saito!
What the hell?
Reactive armor. huh?
What?
Batou.
I can only give you one more support shot.
Batou. let's shift to a cyber attack.
Is that a good idea?
That training program was accurate.
this guy's cyber skills
ain't nothing to sneeze at.
Damn it.
Yeah. well. so are mine!
CQB skills package
download makes sense now.
Sorry guys. but I'm not getting
taken out by a bunch of dogs.
-Tachikoma?
-Hi!
Major!
Tachikoma!
Major. are you okay?
Togusa!
You saved my butt again.
No problem at all.
It's what we're here for.
-Batou.
-Hmm?
Do you have
your malware collection on you?
Yeah. why?
Disengage from autistic mode.
Then hit him with everything you've got.
Huh? Yeah. okay I can do that.
But I don't remember
what's in the damn thing.
Doesn't matter. as long as they slowdown
that thing's processing speed.
Autistic mode off. Hit it!
Chew on this!
What kind of monster is this guy?
Tachikoma!
Gotcha!
Ishikawa. pop the hatch.
On it.
Son of a bitch!
Cyberlock's not working.
It would be a lot easier if you cooperate!
Seriously.
nothing's easy with this guy.
That's for sure.
Major. what's the deal?
Major?
Answer me! Major!
Saito!
Fire!
What are we gonna do
with this pantless bastard?
Huh?
Major? What happened?
Huh? Major.
Saito!
Major?
That guy's… not human.
Huh?
Of all our projected scenarios.
this particular outcome was the worst.
Sorry. but it was out of our control.
No way that thing
was gonna surrender willingly.
In your brain dive.
how deep did you end up going?
You wanna know?
Hey. what's he talking about?
I don't know
what you think you saw in there.
But you know as well as I.
your fates were sealed from the start.
Director Ada?
Abort the operation.
Maintain the situation as is
and wait for my orders.
Director. you don't have the authority
to call off this operation.
Maybe not. But he might.
Huh?
Sir. its call sign
shows as Marine One.
-The Chief?
-I'll be damned.
Maybe you care to read this.
Hold… hold on. An executive order?
These individuals.
are members of a special forces unit
under direct orders from your president.
Special forces? What's this about?
Since you have onsite operation authority.
I would hope. you are not unaware of that.
Don't collect the bodies.
Analyzing Mrs. Huge's
lifelogs will be top priority.
Roger.
It's been a long time. hasn't it. Major?
This is the last place I expected
to run into you again.
We do seem to owe you our lives though.
Not to worry. I have a job you uniquely
equipped to help with.
Take care. And safe travels
back to your homeland.
Princess Mei Ling.
Qì!
Zài jiàn!
Baby!
What the hell kind of memories
did you put in his head?
An exhilarating tale of
swashbuckling adventure.
You got a problem with that?
Nah! No problem here.
He just turned out
to not entirely suck. that's all.
Yes. I agree.
All right. would you mind filling us in
on the real objective of this operation?
The owner of this mansion…
what the hell was that thing?
Patrick Huge.
In order words.
the mastermind in wealthy benefactor.
Who donated all the weapons
to the Raiders.
Who carried out his agenda.
That anguish she was asking you.
My team and I
deserve to know the whole truth.
The real reason you wanted to apprehend
a prominent public figure.
And why you almost sacrificed us
to hide your government's involvement?
After all that went down.
you owe us that much.
If we were to act
in any official capacity.
and news that they exist
was somehow made public.
The world would be plunged into a chaos
from which it would not recover.
"They"? Wait.
Are you saying that there are
more than one of those things out there?
If you had actually managed
to bring Huge alive.
we could have studied him to create
a countermeasure against the rest.
Hold on now.
So. everything's gone to shit
and it's all our fault?
If you'd given us
as intel in the first place.
we could have come up with a Plan B!
I think he understands our position.
For your own good. it's best to tell us.
Their particular cyberbrains
have processing power that far exceeds
that of any supercomputer.
We've learned.
the Global Simultaneous Default
was an event they carried out themselves.
I thought that occurred
from a failure of G4 policy?
It's easy to just point fingers
at the state.
But the reality of blame
is far more complex and nuanced.
I knew when I linked to its cyberbrain.
It was no way it could have been human.
So. what the hell was it?
My department and I. have decided to refer
to them as "posthuman" for convenience.
I just have to let you see for yourselves.
All of you. cyberbrains offline.
Let me guess.
you got another freak
with a super high-performance
CPU stashed back here.
The first of them we discovered.
was this man.
Is he conscious?
Yes and no.
He's conscious but there's severe damage
to nearly half of his cerebrum.
Unfortunately. that makes him a less
than ideal posthuman research specimen.
Capture his message now.
Beginning analysis.
What was that?
Our theory is that he's trying to use code
to communicate with us.
But the data is too corrupted.
That said. he seems
to have something on his mind
in regards to your visit here today.
Oh. maybe he's just happy to see us.
Who's to say.
We can't get to cipher his messages
so there's no way to know.
Is that a nurse over there?
She doesn't seem to have a cyberbrain.
Unnecessary precaution.
Without a cyberbrain.
she can't be hacked or hijacked.
If he accesses
to the net even for a moment.
he could instantly gain control
over our system.
And the entire thing
would be at his mercy.
To that end. we've taken a precaution
that every system
in this facility be air-gapped.
These capabilities of theirs.
is it something they were born with?
No. every one of them started out
as ordinary human beings.
Gary Harts. was a master sergeant
in the US Centcom Third Army.
I'm told that in his younger days.
he faithfully carried out orders.
was reliable. dependable…
-Are you okay?
-…and well respected by his peers.
Commander!
Comman… Commander!
Commander. you okay?
Never felt better.
After retiring from the service.
he moved to the suburbs.
to live a quiet life
with his wife and children.
But one day. he came down with a severe
and mysterious fever.
Over the course of a week.
we're told Gary moved
into a catatonic state.
Unable to speak or interact
with the world around him.
After spending another week in that state.
he suddenly recovered.
His family was overjoyed
there was no damage
to his memories or ability to speak.
But his wife noticed something
was different about him.
And grew increasingly concerned.
Ah… honey?
And then. her fears were realized.
He… shot his own wife?
After the incident.
Gary just dropped off the map.
Can you zoom in a little
closer on the D1 isolation room feed?
Sure.
What… how did you?
Yup!
Wait. aren't you guys think-tanks?
Ah. don't worry about us.
Act like we're not ever here.
Yeah. we're not here.
A week after Gary disappeared.
the security system of an air force base
in Nevada housing
a nuclear facility went down.
Shortly after.
someone breached the installation.
According to a survivor.
his body appeared to move autonomously
as if refusing to obey the signals
given by his brain.
You're saying he instantly hacked
to the cyberbrain of every guard?
Ones with the latest defensive barriers?
The way he reacts…
It's just like the other guy.
That happened roughly
two months ago.
It was the first recorded incident
involving a posthuman.
So. they tried
to launch a nuke to what?
Lay the foundation
for another nuclear war.
Their motives remain unclear.
But the point of impact he entered
for the missile before getting shot
was Moscow.
Then war. Is that the objective shared
by every posthuman?
We can't say for sure.
Based on the situation
we've observed thus far.
their objective seems to be the collapse
of the existing social order.
The recent acts of terrorism
known as "raids"
are just one example of the domino
effect their actions have set in motion.
Let me guess. you're gonna blame them
for sustainable war too?
We launch
the war-as-an-industry model
with the sole intent of bringing stability
and security to the world economy.
But I assure you that was never intended
to be more than a controlled economic act.
Well sure. from the perspective of those
who don't live with the bombs land.
I think every war. could be viewed
as simply a controlled economic act.
You make a fair point.
Violence has been spurred on
by the posthumans.
And civilians have been increasingly
caught in the crossfire.
Hmm?
What's on your mind. Major?
The subject. He's been throwing
that paper airplane for a while now.
Could it be childhood regression
from the brain damage?
Look closer.
He throws it again and again. Yet it
always somehow returns to his hand.
He has to be calculating
the temperature. pressure. drag…
Every variable inside that chamber.
-Huh!
-What the hell?
Except that time.
My goodness. I'm proud of you.
You threw it even further
than usual today.
Impossible. Was he pretending
to be brain dead this whole time?
Worry about that later!
No. stop!
Call the security.
Copy that. sir.
More messages.
What is going on?
He's taken over your system.
No. it would be impossible
for him to connect to it.
And that glitch code
he's been sending out intermittently?
We've been archiving all of them
on this server for analysis.
That must be it.
The code fragments you stored
because you thought they were messages
needing deciphering.
were probably some kind of virus.
One he created
for the purpose of infecting that button.
That's the only function
that's tied into the entire facility.
So. you're saying…
Huh?
-Batou!
-Yeah!
He's trying to break out. don't let him!
This is bad!
Let's shut down the system. right now!
Right!
So. what the heck is going on?
It's hard to tell
from just the video feed.
-Hmm.
-It looks so juicy. though.
I'm just gonna jack in for a sec.
New-terminal-detected-in-system.
-This-one-should-prove-quite-useful.
-Whoa!
What'd you say?
Did you hear that?
Let me have a go! I wanna try.
Something's wrong. my barriers are fading.
and everything is blurring together!
-What was I just saying?
-Hmm?
Hmm.
Major. they're coming in from above. too!
It's only a matter of time before
they smash their way in.
Aargh!
You pick the wrong cyborg
to screw around with.
We'll never get anywhere at this rate!
Damn it. How is this happening?
We've already shut down the system!
It won't help.
He bypassed and he's controlling
your robots remotely.
The only way to stop them is…
No way!
Without him. we're back to square one!
You're the one running this operation!
Either make the decision yourself.
Or let the situation
decide for you and get out of our way!
All right then.
-Batou!
-I'm on it!
You got a problem with this?
There was no other way.
That was awfully close.
Thanks for saving me.
Don't hold down on us. what'd you see?
Hmm?
It's actually kinda hard
to put into words.
Ooh!
Many jobs we've done are complicated.
But this is a real tricky one. Chief.
Yes. looks that way.
Brother…
You're staring at Kanami again.
Darn it. Yuzu. I told you a thousand times
you can't be here.
What's the big deal?
It's not like anyone
pays attention to you anyway.
Go on. get out of here.
Shimamura.
Where are you going? Class is starting.
Sorry.
Has it been a while
since you came back to Fukuoka?
Hmm?
Ah…
Yeah. it has.
First time back to Japan in a while too.
It hasn't changed much. has it?
Actually. there have been
a whole lot of changes.
For one thing.
there're a lot people coming back
from other countries
saying they were homesick.
Ah. plus thanks to the push
to attract wealthy immigrants.
The economy
is starting to do really well too.
Cause of the work
of the robots and the poor.
Yes. well…
I guess. but the robots aren't complaining
about it much now. are they?
Who's to say.
-Whoa!
-Look at this place!
-Ba!
-Hey. Ba!
It's Mr. Batou!
You guys never change. do you?
Hi. Major! Long time no see!
You guys are so lucky you got to run off
with Mr. Batou and the others
and have adventures
none of us can even imagine!
We sure did!
Your customizations are so cool.
Where did you have them done?
-I say we all synchronize…
-Huh?
…so. we can share their experiences!
Okay. sure!
Yay!
Ha-ha!
Oh. no. you don't!
How many times do I have to tell you?
You are not allowed
to synchronize without permission.
I know you know the rules.
Purin has to check
everything first. remember!
Hmph!
Shoo. shoo. shoo!
Ah. why are you shooing us
away like were animals!
-We're not infected!
-Hmm?
You're so hung up on the rules
that you overthink everything.
You've got to learn
to be open to new ideas!
Enforcing the rules is my job.
Wait. I know you.
Hi. my name is Purin Esaki.
Purin?
Eh. you know it…
here's my profile if you wanna look.
Wow. that is pretty impressive.
-Studied abroad in America for a semester…
-Hey!
-…right after finishing junior high.
-Hey. come on!
And skipped straight on
-to MIT to get your doctorate. huh?
-Naughty machines
turn against their master
don't get to play this amazing game!
Wait. that's a super rare puzzle game
we haven't been able to figure out
how to find it!
You want it?
You sure? Okay. come and get it!
She's got them eating
right out of her hand.
What a treat.
The famous Major Kusanagi.
America has asked to uncover
and drive out the posthumans.
-Uh-huh!
-Thank you for accepting.
I'm counting on you.
Correct me if I'm wrong. but I don't think
we've officially accepted this job yet.
-Ah…
-Prime Minister.
All of this is highly confidential.
Why don't we move this discussion
to the internal network?
Good idea.
As I mentioned in my report.
this mission is going
to be incredibly difficult.
In addition
to the unique nature of this team.
I believe it would be impossible to obey
American orders while also being attached
to a government organization.
But if you are still dead set
on putting us on this job.
we're gonna need a big budget.
If you're sure
you can give us everything we need.
Then we can work something out.
Almost ten times higher than I thought.
I'm gonna need some time.
This isn't a decision
I can make on my own.
But even if it is a yes.
you know the Americans will
want to call the shots on this.
They ask too much and we'll just walk
out of here the same way we walked in.
You don't honestly think such
selfish demands will be accepted. do you?
Can't believe I'm looking
at your ugly mug again.
Exiled to Japan. huh?
That screwup was pretty awful.
I've only been dispatched here
to serve as an adviser for this project.
My status as head of the Posthuman
Response Agency remains unchanged.
Hello. I'm John Smith from the NSA.
And this is?
A list of suspected posthumans.
Specifically the ones
we believed are hiding in this country.
Memorize these names.
Don't even copy it to your cyberbrain.
We identified a pattern following
the events of what happened to Gary Harts.
Posthumans all exhibit
three specific symptoms.
Fever. unusual appetite.
and a change in their personality.
After running an analysis combining
these factors with medical data.
We found a little over 100.000
potential posthumans spread throughout
the Pacific Rim.
We narrow that list down to 827
whose personality changes
were most dramatic.
Of those. 813 are already deceased.
That leaves us with just 14 suspects
we believe have awakened as posthumans.
Now then. the three names on this list
are the ones we believed
to be in the country.
That's all?
That numbers not going to rise?
I can't answer that question
until these three
are captured alive so they can be studied.
Which will also tell us
how to deal with them.
How hard can that be if you've already
managed to put this list together.
That's only data about who they were
before they became posthuman.
As soon as symptoms start to show.
they don't go anywhere
near security cameras
or leave any other traces
of their whereabouts.
Patrick Huge was an exception.
All right. look.
This a battle against the first shared
enemy humanities ever encountered.
Hmm?
Can I help you?
Huh?
Yesterday. 28 year old.
Sanji Yaguchi. one of three posthumans
to have manifested in Japan.
was captured on camera
committing yet another murder.
Hmm?
Film?
Those were taken accidentally
by a freelance journalist.
Since it wasn't digital.
it explains why Yaguchi
didn't realize he'd been photographed.
Yeah. analog cameras for the win.
He was a boxer. right?
It's not too far-fetched.
Is that a prosthetic arm?
Who's the victim?
Koichi Tadokoro. age 49. vice minister
for immigration services.
A vice minister?
What the hell's the motive?
I'd say your guess
is as good as ours.
So. we got a world-class boxer
turned posthuman.
Launching his own sustainable war
against the country using only his fist.
If his fist was replaced
with a prosthetic.
isn't there a chance we'd find
other murders with the same MO?
I'd wager. The odds are high.
The fact that he's a posthuman
with a highly specific calling card
will help us pinpoint his whereabouts.
Search for all crimes with a matching MO.
We track down Sanji Yaguchi.
TOKYO RECONSTRUCTION PROJECT 2050
From all appearances.
our man Tadokoro
was a conscientious civil servant.
He oversaw legislation
dealing with immigrants and refugees.
And you said he disappeared
the night before his title match?
I have no idea if this is relevant or not.
But a little while
before Sanji disappeared.
at his final training camp
for the world title.
he came down with a real bad fever.
I poured you all similar cases
that occurred in the country
over the past three months.
I focus mainly on crime lab reports.
And then I have this great idea to compare
the autopsy results
of those victims' bodies against ours.
And guess what. I'm 98 percent sure it was
the same perpetrator.
Ninety-two cases?
In the big picture of the war.
that's small.
That's a hell of a lot more
than I was imagining. that's for sure.
Which makes me think
these killings aren't random.
Correct.
The first common factor
that linked them all together.
was that every single one of them
were either immigrants or refugees.
So. his targets
are basically illegal immigrants.
Pretending to be refugees?
You would think that at first glance!
But one data point
is different from the rest.
This is most likely the first person
beaten to death by Sanji Yaguchi.
But he's Japanese.
Meet Mr. Ishiwata.
He helped all the refugees get there
false identities and documentation.
Once he secure
them Japanese citizenship.
he received a significant amount
of revival assistance money
by sending them to Tokyo Rising Project
sites as a cheap labor force.
Okay. but what makes you think
this guy was Yaguchi's first victim?
Because there were
tissue fragments found splattered
next to his body
that belongs to someone else.
And guess whose DNA it was a match for?
My working theory is.
it was remnants from his hand.
which he lost when beat Ishiwata to death.
Leaves me to believe
his body wasn't durable enough
to handle his updated physical abilities.
Yes.
Now. this is a list I took from
the Ishiwata construction database
listing all of the identity thieves.
After they improperly secure
their Japanese citizenship.
they began receiving welfare benefits
illegally without ever actually lifting
a finger for the Tokyo Rising Project.
So. he's only killing people
who are cheating the system then?
Probably.
Tadokoro oversaw legislations
-dealing with refugees. right?
-Yeah.
So. it stands to reason.
If Yaguchi's specifically targeting people
who are guilty of committing fraud.
It's safe to assume Tadakoro had skeleton
in his closest as well.
I'll do some digging on my end. into the
circumstance surrounding those contracts.
Hmm.
"You're truly is gonna be away
from Japan for a while.
It will be hard to get in touch with me
so. my deepest apologies."
And that's that.
The day before yesterday.
there was a strange incident
at Fukuoka International
in which a businessman's cyberbrain
was completely fried beyond recognition.
This is the net traffic log
of that moment.
What's strange about it?
Before the incident.
a massive amount
of traffic became focused
on this exact point.
It's the attack source.
And guess where the traffic was headed?
If you guess the victim's cyberbrain.
you'd be correct.
It came from
three million different sources.
What?
Are you saying.
this was a simultaneous cyber attack
by three million individual hackers?
The culprit somehow temporarily
united the will of three million people
causing the instant death of the victim.
No ordinary human is capable
of something of this magnitude.
True.
but a posthuman might be able to.
Major. how long have
you been standing there?
Our next target had made herself known.
Another posthuman. Suzuka Mizukane.
was just picked up on camera.
I'll have Saito and Paz meet up with me.
we'll look for her.
I'll go. too.
Ishikawa and Borma. monitor all facial
recognition systems around the airport.
Roger that.
Oh. um… Major…
what should I do?
I'm sorry. are you a member of Section 9?
Eh. eh… not really.
Then that means. I have no standing
or authority to give you orders.
She didn't have to be so mean about it.
-Didn't think you that slow.
-Huh?
That was her giving you free rein
to do what you want.
Oh my gosh. thank you so much. Major!
I won't let you down!
So. we have a school teacher
who vehemently denied bullying
was going on in his school.
A yakuza lieutenant
with ties to a high profile
actress whose affair
has just been exposed.
There's tons
of similar mass hacking attacks.
However…
I can't figure out
what connects the victims together.
What the hell?
The victim is
Tatsuya Hisata. age 34.
Assistant Manager in a mid-sized
machinery manufacturer.
What's going on?
Is he running from something?
No!
What are you seeing?
Come on. give me a clue here.
He's laughing!
Hang on. Wasn't this the same guy spotted
at the other crime scenes?
That's a bingo.
You're correct on one account.
Tadokoro was
a Tokyo Rising Committee intermediary.
But. I don't believe
he'd ever do anything illegal.
His role in this is pretty clear to us.
What's less clear.
would be why the now posthuman Yaguchi.
considers even the very act
of sending refugees
to the Tokyo Rising Project
as a cheap labor force
to be an act of corruption
worthy of murder.
I don't follow.
Then let me lay it out
for you. Prime Minister.
Otomo Industries.
over which your father-in-law
holds a managerial position.
has won a wide range of contracts.
Conveniently including construction work
under the appointment
of the Tokyo Rising Committee.
And I don't deny that.
But Otomo Industries isn't the only
business benefiting from that project.
So then. it's safe to make the assumption.
there was a revolving door deal
with Tadokoro or he accepted bribes.
Mr. Aramaki. your accusations
are leveled at my father.
Not at Tadokoro where they belong.
Given that Sachio Otomo is the chairman
of the Tokyo Rising Committee.
we cannot simply dismiss the possibility
without first investigating it thoroughly.
I'm baffled.
To me my father-in-law--
Prime Minister.
Our investigation is not focused
on potential bribes involving Sachio.
Our main concern is to do whatever it
takes to bring the posthuman into custody.
However. in the event that there has been
corruption within Otomo Industries…
…before war. there is no way
we can say with certainty.
Sachio himself
won't become the posthuman's next target.
I understand.
I'm gonna confront my father-in-law
about this matter myself.
Until I can do that. give me some time.
You shall have it.
Oh. no!
I lost her.
Nope. but nice try.
Mr. Koji Kogure. I presume.
Who the hell are you. lady?
I'm with Public Security Section 9.
Name's Purin Esaki.
Peep Hole?
Yes. ma'am. It's an app that lets you view
what the target is seeing
from their perspective
but as an outside spectator.
What's with all these
faceless monsters?
This is why you were
at all those crime scenes.
To watch these happening
to the victims in real time.
You can only watch
if you're there in person.
With the "King" as an exception.
of course.
King? Would that be
the ring leader behind these hacks?
Yes. everyone calls him
the Nameless King.
I wanna know more
about these Nameless King.
Tell me everything you know
about this guy.
That won't be necessary.
Hang on. am I talking to the King now?
The very same!
Now a question for you.
Do you have the courage
to step through that door.
Miss Purin Esaki?
Aah!
Didn't have to pull me?
So. Ms. Esaki.
What do you most wish to ask about?
Knowing my true identity. for people.
Well first off. I want to know
what all these attacks are about?
Ah. I suppose I need to start
by telling you first
about Think Pol's existence.
Think Pol?
It's the name of the system
-designed with the sole purpose of--
-…designed with the sole purpose of
bringing about a just world.
Think Pol's rules
are actually very easy to grasp.
It starts by first selecting a target.
Think Pol locks on to the web user who's
the focus of the most collective hate
at that particular moment.
Once the target has been selected.
it poses the following question
to the general public.
"Should this individual
be forgiven of their crimes
or are they guilty and deserving
of an appropriate punishment?"
You're saying the identity
of the three million attackers
in the Hisata case was…
Huh!
It's the combined forces
of those who declared him guilty.
We are both judge and jury.
This is democracy.
Merely carried out to its logical extreme!
No. you're wrong. It's orchestrating
nothing more than a witchhunt.
Explain to me why that's wrong.
Because no one in this country
has any faith
in our old justice system anymore.
So. just like that.
you'll fry his cyberbrain?
If that's the will of the people. yes.
There will?
But they can choose the wrong path.
The wrong path?
This country is already walking down
and it shows no sign of turning around.
You don't think maybe
-you're the one taking the wrong path?
-Huh?
Shinya Uotori of Shuseikan High School
year two. class three. student number two.
Shinya. can I come in?
What is it? Hurry up. I'm studying.
Your little friends stop by to say hello.
What…?
Pardon us.
Are you… here to arrest me?
Why would we arrest you?
Because I created the Think Pol program.
Don't get me wrong. at first we thought
you did mastermind this entire plan.
The man behind the curtain.
But then nobody
who can write a code like that
would let us trace him so easily
and let himself get caught.
What do you expect? I'm just a kid!
We didn't expect that impressive
peeping app that's for sure.
You wrote that one. right?
Uh. uh… I did.
So. mind explaining how you got your hands
on the initial Think Pol software?
I found it on the server.
At the junior high school I went to.
We were the first ones accessed
by Think Pol to fry someone's brain.
We being the students.
It was popular with parents.
So. the headline was written up as
"Passionate well-loved
teacher meets a violent end."
And everybody who went to that school
knew how big a scumbag Yamada was.
Everyone!
That's when it hit me.
Whoever wrote Think Pol. must have
also been a student at that school.
Right after Yamada's death. I was poking
around the Sakanoshita's server.
And it was just sitting there.
I released it onto the net
to be shared with the world.
Its code is beautiful.
That's true the code itself.
But I was drawn to something else.
Who ever developed this code just gets it.
Bless your heart.
Wait. are you making fun of me?
Course not. I'm just saying you
and Think Pol creator both strike me
as equally ambitious and naive.
Ooh!
Well we got confirmation
Think Pol's been shut down.
Our next move is retrieving that code.
So. what happened with Uotori?
The only statement he gave was.
"Losing hope in this country
was inevitable.
Whoever wrote that code.
just lost it first."
-Humph!
-In any case. he can't be charged
-for anything just for writing peepholes.
-Humph!
Now anyone could casually declare
a complete stranger guilty.
And the target's life
has potentially threatened.
Think this is another posthuman act
of sustainable war?
TAKASHI SHIMAMURA
Your teenage years are a stifling
part of your life. Until you graduated.
"Obey the rules.
Do as your parents tell you.
No boyfriends or girlfriends."
And to top it all off.
people who never cut lose
when they were young.
have little life experience to draw on.
So. the crazy idea gets put in their heads
that they'll never be real adults
no matter what they do.
-Mr. Yamada!
-Huh?
Could we just get a normal math lesson?
When it's part of the standard curriculum.
Sure.
Sorry about that.
Guess I. got a little off track there.
didn't I?
You're a real straight arrow. Kanami.
Actually. that's it for today.
Kanami.
On your lunch break. I'd like to see you
on the student guidance office.
If only the airborne troopers were here.
Nothing interesting so far. Datalog shows
he's just a normal junior high schooler.
I wonder why? Was that really what he had
in mind when he wrote Think Pol.
Hmm.
I mean. he created
his exquisitely powerful system.
And then after using it one time.
he just disappears.
It'd be nice if he was held up somewhere.
Except it's more likely
he's planning another raid.
That's true.
All right. Togusa and I are gonna checkout
Takashi Shimamura's house.
Ishikawa. Borma. Esaki.
Keep working on analyzing Think Pol.
Let's figure out who their next target is.
Roger that!
This should be
the happiest time of his life.
But now he's a posthuman.
What do you suppose that's like for him?
Force to fight their war.
Based on what we've seen so far.
they seem to lose most of their
human emotions once they turn.
In that case. the kid's mother must be
the one taking it the hardest.
Ah. it's just the two of them. huh?
Here you go.
You didn't have to.
So. after Takashi passed out in class.
What happened to him?
He woke up the next day
and he was running a fever of 104.
He was in the hospital for almost a week.
The doctors told me he might not make it.
Almost everyday.
This was six months ago. on May 12th. yes?
Uh… that sounds right.
That was the same day Sanji
Yaguchi and the other posthumans turned.
The fact that he was online
beforehand is another point in common.
After his fever broke.
his appetite changed
he could do things he couldn't before.
And his personality was suddenly
radically different. wasn't it?
Yes.
After that.
he went back to school?
As soon as he felt better. yes.
1984…
But…
something happened while he was sick.
Something devastating to the whole school.
Do you think his classmate's
suicide is related to him running away?
No. not as far as I know. I don't think
they were close. he never mentioned her.
Considering Takashi's age. it is possible
he was keeping his feelings
for her a secret.
I don't think that sounds like him at all.
Although… I wonder…
he stayed home from school
for three days after that.
And what did he do then?
He spent the whole time
in front of his computer.
He didn't even stop to eat or anything.
He went three whole days without eating?
Yes.
He went to school the next day.
And I haven't seen him since.
Takashi Shimamura has been spotted
within 200 meters
of your current location.
He's close.
He let someone see him.
He wouldn't be doing this if he
didn't know we were here.
The encryption on our comms
can only keep out of posthumans
for a minute. tops.
Shut off your cyberbrains
and get out of there now!
Is um… something wrong?
He's close. I'm picking him up
right outside of the front door.
Major. the signal disappeared!
Fallback! You got to get
out there. we don't what he'll do.
Understood.
What is it?
There is something wrong with him.
isn't there?
Right now. we believe your son is close.
What?
However.
we think Takashi Shimamura has changed.
He's no longer the person
you used to know.
Huh wait… what are you saying?
We can't explain why. but our organization
has reason to believe.
that your son
may very well be on the verge
of carrying out an act of terrorism.
Major!
Takashi is…
he's a terrorist?
He may not do it directly.
but it's entirely possible
he's going to do something
that could endanger many people.
That's why if he makes any attempt
to reach you in any way.
we need you to contact us immediately.
Why is this happening?
Takashi… Takashi. I'm so sorry.
What?
What… what's going on?
Mr. Togusa. are you all right?
It won't shut down! What happened?
Togusa!
What the hell are you waiting for?
Only way to kill a virus like that
is an offensive barrier.
What happened?
Looks like our hero here
has been trying to fly solo.
Analyzing files
he took from Shimamura's house
to get a feel for how the kid thinks.
And he found some code in those files
that was written after Think Pol was.
A virus?
We're not really sure.
Hey.
Togusa. are you okay?
-Big guy. hey.
-Hi.
You're here too. Major?
Sorry.
I was seeing a whole bunch
of long-forgotten memories.
And a second later. all I felt was terror.
I'm pretty sure that's why I passed out.
Major. I have
the inspection results
of that code in Togusa's cyberbrain.
What did you find?
Well. it's interesting.
There's a program designed
to reawaken memories
buried deep in the user's subconscious.
What about you guys?
Hey. what was so offensive
to his delicate mind? Let's take a look.
-Cut me some slack.
-Huh?
Even I can't figure out
-what the hell I saw in there.
-Hey. it's really Togusa!
Huh?
Be quiet!
Ishikawa. you find anything?
Unfortunately not.
Some of the code has been lost.
Where do you put the threat level?
-Probably not too high.
-Hmm.
Besides.
I didn't find any signs that server
been released outside of Togusa's system.
If that's the case. why would
Shimamura have written that program?
Especially after he made Think Pol.
Major.
I have a thought. Stop me if I'm crazy.
Maybe he was trying to recall
one of his own forgotten memories.
Look at the name Think Pol.
I'm guessing he got that
from the "Thought Police"
from George Orwell's 1984.
He had a copy of it hidden under his bed.
So. obviously that book
had a pretty big impact on Takashi.
But here's the thing.
he had that book by the time
he was nine years old.
I asked his mom and she told me
she doesn't remember where he got it.
Maybe. neither does he.
Hang on. you went back
to the Shimamura's after we left?
Uh… well… yeah.
-That Togusa is so detailed.
-Unbelievable.
Uh-huh!
At any rate. that still doesn't leave us
with any leads to track this kid down.
Maybe not. actually.
When he was nine years old.
he spent a month staying
with his aunt and uncle in Kyoto.
I'm thinking if he wrote a program
to dig up lost memories
that have been deliberately forgotten.
Stands to reason.
he did it so he could remember
something buried in his past.
It seems like you're jumping
to conclusions. But it's not impossible.
Major. I want to go there
to follow up on this.
If that's what your ghost
is whispering to you.
don't let me stand in the way.
There's probably something to it.
KYOTO 15 MINUTES
That's the place.
-I guess Takashi Shimamura's uncle…
-Whoa!
-…was here at the similar time.
-Whoo!
Why did he come stay here anyway?
His father was dying in the hospital
and his mother told me she didn't
wanna leave her husband's side.
Ooh!
Huh?
What…
Togusa?
Hmm?
Hey. brother. what are you doing?
I told you. I'm not your brother.
Yuzu. where's Takashi?
He's over here. daddy!
I don't know why but lately.
mommy and daddy are mad all the time.
Because I'm here.
Why would they be mad that you're here?
She's not coming back.
Why isn't anyone
willing to speak up for her?
Are they afraid?
They think if they show courage
like she. did they'll be ostracized?
Hey. Togusa. What's up?
Nothing… uh…
Hmm?
Takashi! Where are you going?
You're not supposed to go that way.
'Cause that's where
the parry-trooper lives.
Parry-trooper?
An old guy who came from
out of town.
They say he's a really bad man. He kills
people and buries them in the mountains.
Hey. Togusa.
where the hell are you going?
Found it. Right there.
Come on.
Huh?
Hmm.
Brother…
Look.
You took Yuzu out there with you?
Why did you go
to the airborne trooper's house?
Takashi didn't take me with him.
I followed him on my own.
You stay out of this!
If someone did do something…
It's not like anybody
would take them for it.
Maybe…
But I think Kanami would be grateful.
I… I didn't mean
to steal this from you.
I just walked up for it by accident.
I…
I'm so sorry!
I'm gonna let you keep the book.
What's written in there is about
to happen at everyone. everywhere.
All over the world.
Whoa.
Yuzu!
The war is starting.
Just like I told you!
STUDENT GUIDANCE ROOM
The three slogans of the party.
"War is peace."
"Freedom is slavery."
"Ignorance is strength."
Hmm?
Get up.
Give me a hand!
-Let's go. move it!
-Please…
-Takashi.
-Don't just stand there. let's go!
Takashi? Where are you?
Daddy said the policemen
was working up here.
So. you really shouldn't
-go into the mountains.
-Yuzu?
Yuzu!
Yuzu. run!
Yuzu! Get up!
Brother…
Takashi!
Kanami!
No. don't!
Huh!
Yuzu?
Yuzu. are you all right? Yuzu?
Brother… I'm… I feel…
-…so. cold.
-Yuzu…
"War is peace."
"Freedom is slavery."
Yuzu…
Please. take me with you.
-Not a chance.
-Please help me!
Yes. war is peace. Freedom is slavery.
At that time…
I didn't understand.
But I do now…
I've read that book cover to cover!
All right then.
Get in.
Brother…
You did it. Think Pol really worked.
That's great.
Now we can use it to bring justice
to everyone who deserves it.
No.
Brother?
Where are you going?
I'm not really sure.
But it's where we all want to go.
Do you want to come with us?
Huh?
Tachikoma. it's me.
Is Batou there?
Yep. he's right here!
-Batou. Ishikawa wants to talk to you.
-Yeah?
Ishikawa? Put him through.
Huh?
Hey.
Togusa?
Togusa… he's gone.
Huh?
What are you talking about. Mr. Batou?
Togusa is standing right there.
Where?
The hell are you talking about.
he's not here. You're screwing with me?
Of course not. Mr. Batou.
We'd never do anything like that
especially not to you.
-Oh. okay Togusa. Roger that.
-Huh?
-See ya! Bye-bye.
-It's not funny!
-Bye-bye!
-Hey. Togusa?
Where are you?
Togusa!
Have you been able
to track down Togusa yet?
We've been using the IR system
to run facial recognition.
But if he's moving around like a posthuman
it will be tough. Maybe we'll get lucky.
I see.
I've also given the order for some
of our people to work with security.
All we can do now is wait.
Well. unless he's held up
in the mountains.
he's bound to pop up somewhere.
Welcome. sir.
Representative?
Sir. is something the matter?
We have an emergency.
-Please. tell us what's wrong?
-Otomo has been killed!
You're saying.
there's not even a face left to identify?
No.
At least…
They said it happened so quickly.
He probably didn't feel any pain.
Alert. sixth district jurisdiction…
…deaths due to an intentional
hydrogen explosion…
Too bad we can't borrow the eyes
of bystanders like the Americans do.
Oh. damn it!
What are you sitting around for?
Put out a fake news story immediately.
Hide the existence of the posthuman!
Don't forget that's your job.
What a wasted opportunity
if I ever heard of one.
This posthuman was foolish enough
to be lured out by the bribery scandal
and revealed himself.
How'd you know that?
Did you have my office bugged?
I can't very well have
you keeping secrets from me now. can I?
Do you want to be arrested for espionage?
Arrested?
And here I was under the impression
we were both fellow
countrymen working together.
Mr. Aramaki. release a statement
that my father-in-law's death
was due to a… sudden illness.
Prime Minister…
And one other thing.
In order to lure out the posthuman.
I want you to release
a piece of real news.
Upon receiving news
of his father-in-law's sudden death.
Prime Minister Tate announced
he would be assuming chairmanship
of the Tokyo Rising Committee.
Will Omoto Micronics.
which Prime Minister Tate holds stocks in.
receive improper contracts
in the Tokyo Rising Project?
Reports suggest they'll have a monopoly
over soil contamination
cleaning micro machines.
Honey!
He's brave I'll give him that.
It's to say that even if he's
an old-school politician.
at least he's not America's puppet.
POLICE HOSPITAL
-All right stand back.
-Can we get through…
Huh?
Hey. check this guy out.
That's definitely him!
Mr. Batou.
it looks like it's starting!
Shit! We're too late.
Huh. what just happened?
Something's going down
at the back entrance.
What are you after. Prime Minister?
This is my home
and I genuinely love this country.
In order to restore it
to all of its former glory.
I'm willing to do whatever it takes.
Are you all right?
Don't shoot!
Come one. Major. Why are you boxing him?
He'll kill you!
That was a crazy stunt.
I was willing to bet
that some part of Yaguchi before
he turned posthuman was still in there.
And that I could take him if he took
the bait. I wasn't wrong. was I?
Oh. what's going on?
Why don't you go inside and get some rest?
Prime Minister.
Why didn't Yaguchi attack?
He had the chance too.
I'm wondering if he came
in order to see how serious I was.
About this country and Tokyo's rebirth.
If that's true. then what does he want?
Well done. But my men
and I will take it from here.
Sure. you will.
I suggest you remember one thing.
Your mission
is to apprehend the posthuman.
Anything beyond that
is none of your concern.
Unfortunately.
this is just how things are now.
But that's why I became Prime Minister.
To change it.
Ooh!
-Ooh! Huh!
-Mr. Batou! It's the phone!
Who's calling?
-Whoa!
-Hmm?
-It's from a payphone!
-Huh?
A payphone?
There sure are some
retro hipsters out there these days.
What do you want us to do?
Answer it.
Roger!
Ah! Hello?
-Tachikoma?
-Hmm?
-That sounds like…
-Could it be?
-Togusa!
-Mr. Batou!
-It's Togusa!
-Hmm!
What. really? It's Togusa?
-Here.
-Togusa. is that you?
Hey. big guy.
I… I don't believe it.
You're still alive?
Yeah.
Don't know how.
Where are you now?
Say. big guy…
Can being alive…
really make the world look this beautiful?
Huh?
I think we might reel something in.
Who are you to stop…
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org